# Introduction
    This project customized a protocol on top of UDP protocol for sending  information to the server. 
# Design a protocol with the following primitives: 
    Start of Packet identifier ….. 0XFFFF 
    End of Packet identifier ….. 0XFFFF 
    Client Id……….Maximum 0XFF (255 Decimal) 
    Length ……….. Maximum 0XFF (255 Decimal) 
    Packet Types: 
    DATA…. ………….……….0XFFF1 
    ACK (Acknowledge)……….0XFFF2 
    REJECT…………………….0XFFF3 
    Reject sub codes: 
    REJECT out of sequence…………….0XFFF4 
    REJECT length mismatch…………...0XFFF5 
    REJECT End of packet missing……..0XFFF6 
    REJECT Duplicate packet…………...0XFFF7 
# Procedure: 
    The client sends five packets (Packet 1, 2, 3, 4, 5) to the server. 
    The server acknowledges with ACK receive of each correct packet from client by sending  five ACKs, one ACK for each 5 received packets. The client then sends another five packets (Packet 1, 2, 3, 4, 5) to the server, emulating one  correct packet and four packets with errors. 
    The server acknowledges with ACK receive of correct packet from client, and with  corresponding Reject sub codes for packets with errors. The client will start an ack_timer at the time the packet is sent to the server, if the ACK  (Acknowledge) for each packet has not been received during ack_timer period by client  before expiration of timer then client should retransmit the packet that was sent before. The timer can be set at 3 seconds (recommended) and a retry counter should be used for  resending the packet. If the ACK for the packet does not arrive before the timeout, the client  will retransmit the packet and restart the ack_timer, and the ack_timer should be reset for a  total of 3 times. If no ACK was received from the server after resending the same packet 3 times, the client  should generate the following message and display on the screen:  “Server does not respond”. 

# Error handling: 

## Case-1: 
    An error message should be displayed on the screen when the received packet at  server is not in sequence with expected packet from client; an error message should be  generated by server and sent to client. For example, if server receives packets 0, 1 and then 3, packet 3 is out of sequence  because the server is expecting the packet 2 after receiving the packet 1. The server will not  increment the expected sequence number until packet 2 has been received. 

## Case-2: 
    The server receives a packet which its length field does not match the length of data  in the payload’s field, an error message should be generated by server and send to the client. For example, if the length field of a received packet indicates the data payload is 125  bytes, but the actual payload is only 12 bytes, this packet has a length mismatch error. 

## Case-3: 
    The server receives a packet which does not have the End of Packet Identifier, an  error message should be generated by server and send to the client. For example, if the last byte of the packet is xFFF0, this packet has a missing end of  packet identifier error. 

## Case-4: 
    The server receives a duplicated packet (sequence number), an error message should  be generated by server and send to the client. For example, if server receives packets 0, 1 and then packet 1 again, the second  packet 1 is a duplicate packet, the server will not increment the expected sequence number.

# How to use:
    0. comment/uncomment sample codes in the client.c (there are 4 samples)
    1. open a terminal under the folder 
    2. make
    3. ./server
    4. ./client

